Arin: Hey, I'm grump
Dan: I'm not so grump
Together: and we're the Game Grumps!
Arin: Shredding on that guitar.
Dan: Yes
Arin: That smooth crystal guitar
Dan: That is smooth
Dan: Welcome to Imagine Fashion Party
Arin: mmm
Dan: It was next to the- it was on the shelf next to imagine party babies, and we were like aw man
Dan: If it's anything like it, we gotta do it
Arin, distantly: well, yeah, I mean....
*Dan making guitar noises*
*Arin makes poor guitar noises*
Dan: Alright, do it, we have no idea what we're in for here.
Arin: He's fucking shredding too
Dan: Yeah he's killing it
Arin: That guy in the back is just like
*rich guy laugh*
Dan: I can't be blamed. I'm just fashionable
*Arin does more rich guy laughs*
Arin: Imagine, if we had a budget to make this game, oh
Dan: oh
Game Character: Welcome to your favourite show-
Dan: Wow, it's very similar to the voice he actually has
Arin: *rich guy laugh*
Dan: Multiplayer hell yea-*burps*
Arin: yeah let's do it
Dan: Oh, excuse me
Dan: Oh my god, look at this!
Arin: Oh shit yeah!
Arin: I want! yes please!
Dan: You want Rachel?
Arin: Oh my God Rachel.
Dan: I'm a fan of this little lady, Jane
Arin: Oh Jane
Dan: Damn Jane
Arin: Chinese silk or chinese-
Dan: I thought it said Chinese sex doll
Dan: *laughs* Like all together
Arin: Wait
Arin: Workshops? Chinese and China.
Dan: Oh, I dunno
Dan: Well that- well that, that's the china choice
Arin: That's a little on the nose
Dan: Well- Oh workshops *laughs*
Arin: I think
Dan: Yeah they do have slave labor in those countries. It's fucked up. We do not support it
Arin: I'm doing Chinese silk. Whoa dude!
Dan: Damn!
Arin: Wait wait wait hold on!
Dan: Hold on whoa hey wait!
Dan: Keep the camera on me. I gotta talk.
Arin: Here I am! Whoa!
*Arin laughs*
Arin: Ah, there we go
Dan: I've given up
Arin: Hello *Dan laughs*
Arin: Wait, not the splatter!
Arin: Hey, what's up? Well...
Dan: And you are?
Dan: I'm just a camera guy.
Arin: Hi I'm a designer oh uh-
*They both try to do the voice of the man but he goes out of frame too fast*
*They both laugh*
Arin: Finally
Dan: Threesomes are gross
*Arin laughs*
Arin: Yeah
Dan: All right.
Arin: It's the devil's threesome
Dan: Yeah, that's the devil's triangle yeah
Arin: Devil's triangle
Dan: [spanish/italian accent?] Hello, my name is Douglas Pancino. I'm a professional designer
I am here to teach you about fashion design-
*Arin grunts stylishly*
Arin: [girl voice] As if by magic!
Dan: What? Oh
Arin: What the fuck?
Dan: That was Jane- Ah- We- 'Cause we both, like, hit it to move forward
Arin: Oh shit
Dan: Sorry, sorry
Dan: Now I'll never know what Jane said, and she's me!
Dan: [spanish/italian accent] First you need to make this piece of clothing which will serve as the bah-sé. Zis is the conception phase.
Arin: Okay
Dan: Oh shit
Arin: Oh oh oh!
Dan: We're doing- uh- cut following the line
Arin: uh
Dan: uh
Arin: uh- uhhhh
Arin: Okay?
Arin: This is really easy.
Dan: Oh yeah
Dan: Oh no! No, awww
Arin: Yes!
Dan: Son of a bitch
Arin: My dress!
Dan: Adjust with the pins
Arin: oh- um- wait, what?
Dan: Oh I missed
Dan: I missed
Arin: What?
Arin: What the fuck am I doing?
Dan: I don't know what we're supposed to be doing
Dan: Boop!
Arin: What the fuck?
Dan: I do not know, I do not know
Arin: Ohhh, you gotta like stab it in.
Dan: What?
Arin: Click and then stab it in
Dan: Ohhhh
Arin: There you go.
Arin: [girl voice] Sew the clothing!
Dan: Oh my God
*Arin makes sewing noises*
Dan: Sew it.
Arin: Oh, uh
Dan: Oh you missed
Dan: You fucking missed
*Arin makes more sewing noises*
Arin: Ah, fuck
Arin: I'm doing so good.
Dan: Oh mine looks pretty-
Arin: What the fuck?
Dan: Mine looks pretty damn good
Dan: Oh yeah
Dan: You'll never catch me. Yeah.
Arin: I got ya!
Dan: Oh no you did not!
Arin: Oh shit!
*Dan laughs*
Arin: No!
Dan: I finished finished *laughs*
Dan:Yeah,
Arin: But I got a better score cause mine's better.
Dan: You probably did.
Arin: Dammit!
Dan: Nope.
Dan: Sorry Rachel
Arin: Oh you're such a fucking pleb
*Dan laughs*
Dan: Whatever
Arin: I'm gonna beat you in this fashion contest.
Dan: Yeah *laughs*
Arin: And you are gonna- You're gonna eat your words mister,
I'm gonna look fucking fabulous on the fucking runway
Dan: First of all, it's missy because I am Jane
Arin:  All right missy
Dan: Yeah.
Arin: Jane, if that is your real name
Dan: [girl voice] You can fucking suck a hard cock, Rachel.
*Dan laughs*
Arin: I know your name is, fucking, Eugene
Dan: Oh my God I love it.
Arin: Yeah, your mom named you Eugene, so what?
Dan: You- Once you're finished sucking that dick you should crush it against your forehead like a beer can
*They laugh*
Arin: Oh!
Dan: Okay, now that you have the shape of the base,
we need to improve the dress itself.
Arin: and please don't crush my dick against your forehead
Dan: Please do not.
Dan: uhhhh- oh choose the dress
Arin: uhhhh
Dan: Uh, where-
Arin: Yes? Yes
Dan: Bad choice?
Arin: Wait, to match?
Dan: Ohhh, oh is that-
is that what they want? *mimicks bad choice sound effect* oh bad choice
Arin: uh oh, bad choice,
Arin:  wait, what good good wait? Oh, I did it.
Dan: I don't know red or black
Arin: Black black always looks good.
Dan: Yeah
Dan: For any occasion
Arin: Long sleeves....
Dan: Perfect
Arin: Shoot all the way then yeah, that's fucking hot. That's a Morticia shit right there.
Dan: I'm- I'm going...
Arin: Uh.... a b rooch
Dan: How do I finish this?
Arin: They're all bad choices!
Dan: No
Dan: You just got to keep it classy bro. Arin:I'm literally going through all of them, and they're all bad choices small bows
Dan: Oh my God you're right. They are all bad choices. Arin:Okay? Um there we go
Dan:Wait, what-what it will work? Arin: Damn it, son of a bitch. Oh, god uh small bows
Dan: This is embarrassing. Arin:I-just use small bows.
Arin:Perfect!
Arin: I did it, yay! Dan: I wish they had like- Arin: I'm a fashion- you literally just have to like, do what it wants
Dan: Yeah
Arin: how is this a game?
Dan: I-I wish like when, uh, when my character lost like just steam shoots out like
*Dan makes hissing noise to imitate steam*
*Arin laughs*
Dan: And she's just like AHHHHHH
Arin: And her flesh starts searing like 'You'll never look pretty on the runway again'
Dan: Panchino comes out "I'm sorry, I said there would be consequences
*Arin laughs*
Arin(in Panchino voice): I did not specify about what they were.
Dan(Panchino voice): Yes. Loading, Please Wait...
Arin: If you want to take fashion seriously, you have to take it seriously.
Dan: Please wait (wah-eat)
Arin: One of you has to die
*Dan laughs*
Dan: This outfit now needs stocking and matching shoes. Select the icon for the underwear category, as requested.
Arin: Shyussss
Dan: Um
Arin: Um... under.. Dan: Underwear?
Arin: undergarments
Dan: Good
Dan: Yeah Deusly, no, perfect
Arin: What
Dan: Bad choice?
Arin: But I-
Dan: Perfect
Arin: Did it
Arin: Black? Cool?
Dan: oooo That's nice and high. How do I finish?
Arin: High. Done, I am fucking hot.
Dan:  I do not understand
Arin: Oh, shoes
Dan: Oh, uh
Arin: uh, uh, Sandals
Dan: bad choice, perfect!
Dan: Yes
Arin: uh red or black
Dan: I fucking killed it
Arin: black?
Dan: God, I look incredible
Arin: Free, what is free?
Dan: I don't know bro
Dan: It's probably what you're wearing at that cheap ass store you shop at
Arin: Are you done?
Dan: Oh fuck yeah, I'm done
Arin: What the fuck?!
Dan: I'm ready to rock this goddamn runway.
Arin: But you look stupid, and I look fabulous
Dan: Whatever, whore.
Arin: What the fuck.
Arin: How are you three points ahead of me?
Dan: I look incredible.
Arin: I'm gonna sabotage your runway walk. I'm gonna cut off one of your heels.
Dan: *laughing*
Dan: Both of your outfits are outstanding, but Jane is just ahead by a touch.
Arin: I'll talk about touch
Dan: Yeah
Arin: It's a bad touch bad touch
Dan: *guitar noises*
Arin: *imitating Dan's guitar noises*
Dan:Jane has won. I won that trophy. I won a new element. fire
*laughing*
Dan: Enter my name, uh
Arin: you could have won ice but you are too far behind
Dan: ah yes
Arin: Ploh pl, plaahl
Arin: Wait, why are we doing this now? Oh, I'm sorry. What do we call you?
Dan: excellent job
Dan: Plotz.
Arin: *laughing*
Arin: How come I don't get to name me?
Dan: Because you're not the winner. You're not going into the, uh
Dan: Imagine fashion Hall of fame.
Arin: But what the fuck
Dan: because, dude, I
Game character: -on the screen, you have the workshop catalogue and live show choices.
Dan: Oh my God is it *jumbled speech*
Dan: D-one more Workshop, and then we'll go on the Catwalk.
Arin: I guess so
Arin: China doll baby.
Dan: Oh God Lord knows what this could mean
Arin: *imitating game music*
Dan: Hey- oh, ah, oh
Arin: I don't care okay. I've already seen it. Whoa. I like Ashley. She's cute.
Dan: Me too. she's making me blush
Arin: I'm Ashley, specialist in hair and cosmetics. This first workshop is- aaah
Arin: T- ow.
Dan: That's you
Arin (girly voice): Technically it's completely within my capabilities
Arin: D- ah dammit!
*both laughing*
Dan: We both waited for the other one to do it first
Arin: *laughing*
Arin: It's fucking, press A, chicken
Dan: I was going to uh, i was gonna give Jane a *super annoyingly* A VOICE LIKE THIS.
Dan: which is a shame.
Arin: *imitating dan's super annoying voice* OH, GOD
Arin: To start let's get the hair sorted some french pleats will do the job
Dan: go
Dan: Snip snap snoozie snaz.
Arin: Gotta do it as quickly as possible
Arin: Wait what
Dan: Stop shaking your head woman. alright
Arin: Got it. God, she looks fucking great.
Dan: Yeah
Dan: We're givin' her the princess Leia
Arin: Stop why are you so far ahead stop shaking your head you stupid fucking bitch
Dan: Uh, what is this dry the hair
Dan: Oh, uh
Arin: straight straight
Dan: What is happening right now
Arin: What the fuck?
Dan: This is so random
Arin: We're drying it am I drying it am I doing it
Dan: Yeah, I don't know if we're doing a good job
Arin: Stop going so fast
Dan: oh, oh I co-comb it through comb it through
Arin: oh shit.
Arin: Yes, I'm beating you.
Dan: No you're not. Oh, I missed
Arin: I'm beating you.
Dan: done
Arin: shit
Dan: *laughing*
Arin: My girl's gonna be so fucking beautiful you have no idea- YES! YES, FUCK YOU! I am better at hair!
Arin: I am a hair whiz two points beat that shit!
Dan: Oh my God
Arin: I got a time bonus.
Dan: Yeah, well congratulations, but we got the same level skills.
Arin: I'm getting a time boner right now dude
Dan: I can see that, um
Dan: next time on game grumps
Arin: Okay
Dan: More imagine fashion action.
Arin: You got it baby
Dan: Okay, and yeah cuz now the
Arin: The pressure's on
Dan: Yeah, the juices are flowin'
Dan: Those hot nasty juices-
Arin: My juices are going all over your face, bro
Dan: is that Matt not wearing a shirt over there? it is
Dan: Why is he walking around shirtless?